Nkai update PP-Module and PP-config (#359)
biometricITC/cPP-biometrics: Protection Profile/BiocPP.adoc

=== Base-PP identification
This PP-Module is intended for use with the following Base-PP:
Protection Profile for Mobile Device Fundamentals <<PP_MD>>.

This Base-PP is valid because biometric enrolment and verification may be a specific type of stand-alone software application or a built-in component of a computer. The biometric enrolment and verification functionality defined by this PP-Module will rely on the Base-PP and <<PP_MD Security Functional Requirements Direction>> of this PP-Module describes the relevant functionality for the Base-PP, including specific selections, assignments, or inclusion of optional requirements that must be made as needed to support the biometric enrolment and verification functionality.

=== TOE Overview
==== TOE main security features

> This is a collaborative Protection Profile Module (PP-Module) used to extend a Base-PP for a computer that implements biometric enrolment and verification to unlock the computer in the locked state using the user’s biometric characteristics. Therefore, the Target of Evaluation (TOE) in this PP-Module is a computer that implements biometric enrolment and verification functionality. However, the term TOE and TOE environment in this document expresses the biometric system that implements the biometric enrolment and verification functionality, and the computer that support the biometric system to protect the biometric data respectively for clearly describing the relation and boundary between the biometric system and computer. The biometric enrolment and verification processes are described in the following sections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a collaborative Protection Profile Module (PP-Module) used to extend a Base-PP for a computer that implements biometric enrolment and verification to unlock the computer in the locked state using the user’s biometric characteristics. Therefore, the Target of Evaluation (TOE) in this PP-Module is a computer that implements biometric enrolment and verification functionality. However, the terms TOE and TOE environment in this document expresses the biometric system that implements the biometric enrolment and verification functionality, and the computer that supports the biometric system to protect the biometric data respectively, for clearly describing the relation and boundary between the biometric system and computer. The biometric enrolment and verification processes are described in the following sections. 
```

===== Handling the verification outcome
The mobile device shall take appropriate actions after receiving the verification outcome from the Biometric System as defined in _FIA_AFL_EXT.1_. 

_FIA_AFL_EXT.1_ defines rules regarding how the authentication factors interact in terms of unsuccessful authentication and actions mobile device shall take when number of unsuccessful authentication attempts surpass the pre-defined number. The mobile device also shall apply authentication throttling after failed biometric verification, as required by _FIA_TRT_EXT.1.1_.

===== Protection of the Biometric System and its biometric data

> The mobile device shall provide the SEE (e.g. restricted operational environment) so the Biometric System can work securely. This SEE guarantees code and data loaded inside to be protected with respect to confidentiality and integrity. This SEE is out of scope of the Biometric System defined in this PP-Module and shall be provided by the mobile device and evaluated based on <<PP_MD>> and <<Modified SFRs>>. However, ST author shall explain how such SEE is provided by the mobile device for the Biometric System, as required by <<BIOSD>>. The mobile device shall also keep secret any sensitive information regarding the biometric when the mobile device receives the verification outcome from the Biometric System, as required by _FIA_UAU.7.1_, and provide cryptographic support to encrypt or decrypt biometric data as required by _FCS class_. The mobile device shall treat biometric data used in the enrolment or verification process (not the final templates) as critical security parameters according to _FCS_CKM_EXT.4.2_ with additonal apprication note described in <<FCS_CKM_EXT.4 Key Destruction>>.

Reviewer: Typo in last sentence.

```suggestion
The mobile device shall provide the SEE (e.g. restricted operational environment) so the Biometric System can work securely. This SEE guarantees code and data loaded inside to be protected with respect to confidentiality and integrity. This SEE is out of scope of the Biometric System defined in this PP-Module and shall be provided by the mobile device and evaluated based on <<PP_MD>> and <<Modified SFRs>>. However, ST author shall explain how such SEE is provided by the mobile device for the Biometric System, as required by <<BIOSD>>. The mobile device shall also keep secret any sensitive information regarding the biometric when the mobile device receives the verification outcome from the Biometric System, as required by _FIA_UAU.7.1_, and provide cryptographic support to encrypt or decrypt biometric data as required by _FCS class_. The mobile device shall treat biometric data used in the enrolment or verification process (not the final templates) as critical security parameters according to _FCS_CKM_EXT.4.2_ with additonal application note described in <<FCS_CKM_EXT.4 Key Destruction>>.
```

However, the Biometric System shall use this SEE correctly to protect biometric data and satisfy the following requirements:

* The Biometric System shall process any plaintext biometric data (e.g. capturing biometric characteristic, creating samples, features and templates) for biometric enrolment and verification within the boundary of the SEE. This implies that:
** Any part of the Biometric System that processes plaintext biometric data shall be within the boundary of the SEE. For example, the biometric capture sensor shall be configured to be within the boundary of the SEE, so that only the SEE can access to the sensor and the data captured. Any software modules that process plaintext biometric data shall run within the boundary of the SEE.
** Plaintext biometric data shall never be accessible from outside the SEE, and any entities outside the SEE can only access the result of process of biometric data (e.g. success or failure of biometric verification) through the interface provided by the Biometric System.

* The Biometric System shall not transmit any plaintext biometric data outside of the SEE.

> If the Biometric System stores any part of the biometric data outside the SEE, the Biometric System shall protect such data so that any entities running outside the SEE can not get access to any plaintext biometric data. ST author shall explain what biometric data resides outside the SEE as required by <<BIOSD>> and if no data resides outside the environment, requirements below is implicitly satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Biometric System stores any part of the biometric data outside the SEE, the Biometric System shall protect such data so that any entities running outside the SEE cannot get access to any plaintext biometric data. ST author shall explain what biometric data resides outside the SEE as required by <<BIOSD>> and if no data resides outside the environment, the requirements below are implicitly satisfied.
```

> * The Biometric System shall not store any plaintext biometric data outside the SEE. As described in <<TOE Design>>, the Biometric System can store templates in the enrolment database. The Biometric System shall encrypt templates using cryptographic service provided by the mobile device within the SEE before storing them in the database, even if the mobile device storage itself is encrypted by the mobile device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Biometric System shall not store any plaintext biometric data outside the SEE. As described in <<TOE Design>>, the Biometric System can store templates in the enrolment database. The Biometric System shall encrypt templates using the cryptographic service provided by the mobile device within the SEE before storing them in the database, even if the mobile device storage itself is encrypted by the mobile device.
```

Dependencies: No dependencies

> *FPT_BDP_EXT.1.1*:: Processing of plaintext biometric data shall be inside the SEE in runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*FPT_BDP_EXT.1.1*:: Processing of plaintext biometric data shall be inside the SEE at runtime.
```
